Feat: Allowing Arbitrary Encoding Schemes (#204)
cirKITers/qml-essentials: docs/training.md

model.transform_input = lambda inputs, qubit, idx, enc_params: np.arccos(inputs[:, idx])
```

## Using the built-in Dataset

Previous examples considered a very simplified version of a training dataset.
Extending this to multi-dimensional inputs and different encoding schemes of the model can be quite a tedious work to implement.
For this purpose, we provide a ready-to-use Fourier series dataset in the `qml_essentials.datasets` module.

> This dataset uses the model properties to generate a Fourier series that matches what the model can learnmeaning that the frequencies are inferred from `model.frequencies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dataset uses the model properties to generate a Fourier series that matches what the model can learn, meaning that the frequencies are inferred from `model.frequencies`.
```
